Remove links to 'Java to Dart' codelab (#4896)
dart-lang/site-www: src/resources/faq.md

### Q. Isn't Dart a lot like Java?

Dart has some similarities with Java.

> Check out the code samples in [Introduction to Dart](/language)
> for a brief introduction with often familiar syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the code samples in the [Introduction to Dart](/language)
for brief examples with familiar syntax.
```

Author: Thanks!
